Once upon a time, there lived a crow in a forest near a small village. It was a very sunny day and the weather was dry. The crow was flying for a long time so he was very thirsty. It was a very difficult situation because the crow was not able to find any water but after searching for water for a long time the crow reached the village. 
In the village, the crow saw a pitcher and he couldn't believe his eyes as he saw some water in the pitcher. The crow was very happy and was not able to think of anything else. The crow put his head inside the pitcher but the poor crow was not able to reach the water. 
Now the problem was that the pitcher was high and had a narrow neck and no matter how much he tried he was not able to reach the water level. The crow became very sad and disappointed but you know what, the crow was very clever. 
So the crow thought a lot and started searching for ideas because he was in a deadly situation but the good thing about the crow was that he was very clever and did not give up when he faced a different situation.  This attitude of the crow helped him and he got an amazing idea.
The crow saw some pebbles lying on the floor. He thought that if he threw the pebbles in the pot then the water in the pot would rise up and then he would be able to drink the water and fly back to the forest. This idea gave him hope and he started searching for pebbles, flew towards the pebbles, and put one in his beak then he flew back to the pot and dropped the pebble in the pot. The crow did this again. 
He put a Pebble in his mouth and came back to the pitcher and dropped the Pebble in the pitcher. After some time the crow tried to drink the water but he still couldn't reach the water level.
Now the crow had become more thirsty and tired but still, he did not give up and after repeating this process for a long time the water level rose so much that the crow was able to drink the water.
The crow then put his beak in the pitcher and started drinking the water very fast and with every sip of water he felt more alive. After drinking enough water the crow flew back happily to his forest.
Moral:
Don’t give up at the first sign of failure. In fact, never give up! Any obstacle can be overcome, and often little by little does the trick.
Summary:
In the story, a very thirsty crow was searching for water. After searching for a long time, he found a pitcher, but the water in the pitcher was very little. The crow was not able to reach the water. So, he got an idea and started throwing some pebbles in the pot.
Due to this, the water level in the pitcher rose and the crow was able to drink the water, and he became very happy.


